com/bytheway/app/Adapters/PayoutAdapter.java
 com.bytheway.app.Adapters.PayoutAdapter
 com.bytheway.app.Adapters.PayoutAdapter$viewHolders
com/bytheway/app/databinding/FragmentMenuBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.FragmentMenuBinding
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ActivityMapDriverBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ActivityMapDriverBinding
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ItemMarkerBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ItemMarkerBinding
com/bytheway/app/Adapters/HistoryAdapter.java
 com.bytheway.app.Adapters.HistoryAdapter
 com.bytheway.app.Adapters.HistoryAdapter$HistoryViewHolders
com/bytheway/app/BuildConfig.java
 com.bytheway.app.BuildConfig
com/bytheway/app/Adapters/TypeAdapter.java
 com.bytheway.app.Adapters.TypeAdapter
 com.bytheway.app.Adapters.TypeAdapter$viewHolders
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ActivityDriverChooseTypeBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ActivityDriverChooseTypeBinding
com/bytheway/app/databinding/DialogRideReviewBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.DialogRideReviewBinding
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ActivityHistoryBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ActivityHistoryBinding
com/bytheway/app/Login/MenuFragment.java
 com.bytheway.app.Login.MenuFragment
com/bytheway/app/Adapters/CardAdapter.java
 com.bytheway.app.Adapters.CardAdapter
 com.bytheway.app.Adapters.CardAdapter$viewHolders
com/bytheway/app/databinding/DialogCardBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.DialogCardBinding
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ItemCardBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ItemCardBinding
com/bytheway/app/Utils/Utils.java
 com.bytheway.app.Utils.Utils
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ActivityPayoutBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ActivityPayoutBinding
com/bytheway/app/Objects/TypeObject.java
 com.bytheway.app.Objects.TypeObject
com/bytheway/app/History/HistorySingleActivity.java
 com.bytheway.app.History.HistorySingleActivity
 com.bytheway.app.History.HistorySingleActivity$1
 com.bytheway.app.History.HistorySingleActivity$2
com/bytheway/app/Login/RegisterFragment.java
 com.bytheway.app.Login.RegisterFragment
com/bytheway/app/Customer/CustomerMapActivity.java
 com.bytheway.app.Customer.CustomerMapActivity
 com.bytheway.app.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$1
 com.bytheway.app.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$10
 com.bytheway.app.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$2
 com.bytheway.app.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$3
 com.bytheway.app.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$4
 com.bytheway.app.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$5
 com.bytheway.app.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$6
 com.bytheway.app.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$7
 com.bytheway.app.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$8
 com.bytheway.app.Customer.CustomerMapActivity$9
com/bytheway/app/Objects/CustomerObject.java
 com.bytheway.app.Objects.CustomerObject
com/bytheway/app/Login/LauncherActivity.java
 com.bytheway.app.Login.LauncherActivity
 com.bytheway.app.Login.LauncherActivity$1
 com.bytheway.app.Login.LauncherActivity$2
 com.bytheway.app.Login.LauncherActivity$3
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ActivityDriverContentBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ActivityDriverContentBinding
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ActivityDriverSettingsBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ActivityDriverSettingsBinding
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ActivityAddPaymentBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ActivityAddPaymentBinding
com/bytheway/app/Driver/DriverSettingsActivity.java
 com.bytheway.app.Driver.DriverSettingsActivity
 com.bytheway.app.Driver.DriverSettingsActivity$1
com/bytheway/app/Adapters/CardRequestAdapter.java
 com.bytheway.app.Adapters.CardRequestAdapter
 com.bytheway.app.Adapters.CardRequestAdapter$1
com/bytheway/app/Objects/DriverObject.java
 com.bytheway.app.Objects.DriverObject
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ActivityHistorySingleBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ActivityHistorySingleBinding
com/bytheway/app/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/bytheway/app/Utils/onAppKilled.java
 com.bytheway.app.Utils.onAppKilled
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ActivityDetailsBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ActivityDetailsBinding
com/bytheway/app/Driver/DriverMapActivity.java
 com.bytheway.app.Driver.DriverMapActivity
 com.bytheway.app.Driver.DriverMapActivity$1
 com.bytheway.app.Driver.DriverMapActivity$10
 com.bytheway.app.Driver.DriverMapActivity$11
 com.bytheway.app.Driver.DriverMapActivity$2
 com.bytheway.app.Driver.DriverMapActivity$3
 com.bytheway.app.Driver.DriverMapActivity$4
 com.bytheway.app.Driver.DriverMapActivity$5
 com.bytheway.app.Driver.DriverMapActivity$6
 com.bytheway.app.Driver.DriverMapActivity$7
 com.bytheway.app.Driver.DriverMapActivity$8
 com.bytheway.app.Driver.DriverMapActivity$9
com/bytheway/app/Customer/CustomerSettingsActivity.java
 com.bytheway.app.Customer.CustomerSettingsActivity
 com.bytheway.app.Customer.CustomerSettingsActivity$1
com/bytheway/app/Login/DetailsActivity.java
 com.bytheway.app.Login.DetailsActivity
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ActivityPaymentBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ActivityPaymentBinding
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ActivityMapCustomerBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ActivityMapCustomerBinding
com/bytheway/app/databinding/AddPaymentContentBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.AddPaymentContentBinding
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ActivityCostumerContentBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ActivityCostumerContentBinding
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ItemCardRequestBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ItemCardRequestBinding
com/bytheway/app/Login/LoginFragment.java
 com.bytheway.app.Login.LoginFragment
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ItemTypeBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ItemTypeBinding
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ActivityCustomerSettingsBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ActivityCustomerSettingsBinding
com/bytheway/app/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ItemPayoutBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ItemPayoutBinding
com/bytheway/app/Login/AuthenticationActivity.java
 com.bytheway.app.Login.AuthenticationActivity
com/bytheway/app/databinding/FragmentRegistrationBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.FragmentRegistrationBinding
com/bytheway/app/Objects/LocationObject.java
 com.bytheway.app.Objects.LocationObject
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ActivityAuthenticationBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ActivityAuthenticationBinding
com/bytheway/app/Driver/DriverChooseTypeActivity.java
 com.bytheway.app.Driver.DriverChooseTypeActivity
com/bytheway/app/Objects/PayoutObject.java
 com.bytheway.app.Objects.PayoutObject
com/bytheway/app/Objects/RideObject.java
 com.bytheway.app.Objects.RideObject
com/bytheway/app/databinding/ItemHistoryBinding.java
 com.bytheway.app.databinding.ItemHistoryBinding
com/bytheway/app/Objects/CardObject.java
 com.bytheway.app.Objects.CardObject
com/bytheway/app/History/HistoryActivity.java
 com.bytheway.app.History.HistoryActivity
 com.bytheway.app.History.HistoryActivity$1
